python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 0 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job0.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 1 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job1.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 2 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job2.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 3 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job3.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 4 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job4.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 5 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job5.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 6 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job6.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 7 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job7.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 8 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job8.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 9 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job9.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 10 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job10.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 11 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job11.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 12 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job12.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 13 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job13.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 14 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job14.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 15 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job15.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 16 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job16.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 17 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job17.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 18 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job18.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 19 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job19.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 20 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job20.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 21 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job21.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 22 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job22.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 23 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job23.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 24 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job24.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 25 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job25.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 26 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job26.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 27 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job27.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 28 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job28.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 29 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job29.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 30 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job30.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 31 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job31.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 32 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job32.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 33 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job33.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 34 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job34.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 35 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job35.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 36 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job36.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 37 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job37.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 38 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job38.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 39 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job39.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 40 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job40.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 41 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job41.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 42 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job42.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 43 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job43.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 44 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job44.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 45 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job45.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 46 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job46.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 47 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job47.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 48 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job48.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 49 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job49.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 50 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job50.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 51 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job51.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 52 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job52.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 53 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job53.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 54 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job54.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 55 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job55.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 56 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job56.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 57 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job57.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 58 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job58.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 59 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job59.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 60 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job60.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 61 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job61.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 62 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job62.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 63 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job63.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 64 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job64.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 65 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job65.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 66 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job66.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 67 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job67.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 68 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job68.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 69 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job69.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 70 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job70.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 71 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job71.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 72 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job72.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 73 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job73.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 74 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job74.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 75 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job75.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 76 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job76.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 77 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job77.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 78 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job78.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 79 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job79.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 80 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job80.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 81 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job81.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 82 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job82.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 83 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job83.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 84 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job84.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 85 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job85.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 86 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job86.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 87 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job87.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 88 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job88.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 89 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job89.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 90 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job90.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 91 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job91.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 92 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job92.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 93 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job93.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 94 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job94.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 95 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job95.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 96 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job96.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 97 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job97.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 98 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job98.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 99 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job99.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 100 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job100.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 101 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job101.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 102 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job102.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 103 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job103.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 104 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job104.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 105 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job105.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 106 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job106.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 107 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job107.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 108 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job108.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 109 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job109.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 110 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job110.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 111 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job111.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 112 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job112.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 113 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job113.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 114 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job114.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 115 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job115.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 116 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job116.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 117 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job117.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 118 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job118.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 119 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job119.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 120 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job120.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 121 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job121.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 122 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job122.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 123 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job123.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 124 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job124.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 125 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job125.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 126 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job126.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 127 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job127.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 128 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job128.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 129 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job129.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 130 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job130.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 131 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job131.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 132 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job132.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 133 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job133.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 134 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job134.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 135 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job135.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 136 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job136.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 137 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job137.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 138 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job138.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 139 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job139.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 140 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job140.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 141 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job141.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 142 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job142.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 143 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job143.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 144 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job144.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 145 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job145.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 146 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job146.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 147 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job147.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 148 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job148.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 149 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job149.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 150 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job150.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 151 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job151.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 152 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job152.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 153 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job153.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 154 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job154.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 155 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job155.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 156 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job156.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 157 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job157.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 158 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job158.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 159 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job159.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 160 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job160.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 161 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job161.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 162 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job162.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 163 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job163.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 164 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job164.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 165 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job165.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 166 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job166.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 167 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job167.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 168 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job168.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 169 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job169.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 170 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job170.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 171 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job171.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 172 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job172.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 173 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job173.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 174 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job174.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 175 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job175.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 176 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job176.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 177 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job177.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 178 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job178.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 179 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job179.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 180 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job180.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 181 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job181.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 182 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job182.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 183 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job183.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 184 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job184.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 185 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job185.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 186 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job186.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 187 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job187.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 188 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job188.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 189 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job189.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 190 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job190.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 191 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job191.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 192 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job192.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 193 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job193.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 194 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job194.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 195 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job195.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 196 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job196.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 197 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job197.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 198 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job198.out
python /mnt/home/mhacohen/python_files/Empatica_rawdata_temp_sahre.py 199 &> ceph/out/temp_share_tasks_disBatch_job199.out
